Add troubleshooting case to Home Connect about no programs (#38056)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/home_connect.markdown

3. Select the three dots {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu from the application credentials you created for the Home Connect integration and select **Delete**.
4. Add the Home Connect integration again under {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}

### Missing options at the "active program" and "selected program" entities

#### Symptom: "Although I have options, some programs that are available on the app are not in the list of options at the "active program" and "selected program" entities"

> Some programs that are available to select on the app, on the physical device or in the diagnostics file from the device  are missing at the "active program" and "selected program" entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some programs that are available to select on the app, on the physical device or in the diagnostics file from the device are missing at the "active program" and "selected program" entities.
```

##### Description

If you see programs in the app or the physical device that are missing in the integration, first check if they are available in the [diagnostics file](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#download-diagnostics). If they are in the diagnostics file, it means the API can send them to the integration, but the integration can't recognize them.

> ##### Resolution

Reviewer 2: Above we call this header `Solution`. I think we should be consistent.

Author: Should we use `Resolution` or `Solution` for all?

Reviewer 2: I think Solution is more appropriate.

> If you see programs at the app or the physical device that are missing at the integration, first check if they are available in the diagnostics file (more info about how to download the device diagnostics [here](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#download-diagnostics)). If they are in the diagnostics file, the API can send them to the integration, but the integration is not recognizing them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see programs in the app or the physical device that are missing in the integration, first check if they are available in the [diagnostics file](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#download-diagnostics). If they are in the diagnostics file, it means the API can send them to the integration, but the integration can't recognize them.
```

> ##### Solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Resolution
```

The program key needs to be added to the integration. To help with that, you can open an issue at [aiohomeconnect](https://github.com/MartinHjelmare/aiohomeconnect) about the missing program key.

> ### Symptom: "No programs available at the "active program" and "selected program" entities nor in the diagnostics file"

Reviewer 2: This header should have four `#`, ie add one `#`, according to the structure above, and the headers below should also add one `#` to match.

There are no programs available to select at the "active program" and "selected program" entities, and the downloaded device diagnostics file does not list any programs.

#### Description

The Home Connect API is not sending any programs to the integration.

> #### Solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Resolution
```
